---
layout: page
title: "Increasing Sales 5/5 Systemisation & Automation"
subheadline: "The question asked by all SME owners"
meta_teaser: "Repeatability through systemisation and automation..."
teaser: "Get your sales onto autopilot! "
header:
    image: "headline_range_11.jpg"
    background-color: ""
    caption:
    caption_url:
sidebar: left
comments: false
breadcrumb: false
show_meta: false
meta_title:             # SEO: Overwrites title in <head> if needed
meta_description:      
image:
    thumb:  
    homepage:
    caption:
    caption_url: ""
categories:
    - Marketing Elements
callforaction2:
          url: https://www.superne-coaching.com/roadmap-james-austin
          text: Arrange a ROADMAP Meeting Here!
          style: alert
---

<p>We have reached the final part of this mini series - Answering the question asked by all SME Owners, How do I increase My SALES? <br>
So far we have learned how we can use a variety of techniques to find prospects within our target market; generate more - and better quality - sales leads.  We saw how we can convert a greater number of these leads into paying customers; and how we can nurture them and develop more revenue and profit by maximising the value associated with each customer over its lifetime.</p>
### Rinse & Repeat
<p>It is critical once you have established the sales process for your business to be able to repeat it over and over to generate an expanding volume – of high quality leads.  The great story of the shampoo sales being doubled just by adding the words 'Rinse and repeat' to the instructions is not quite the right metaphor here, but we do need to go through the process in that fashion - dust ourselves off at the end and repeat what we just did, with improvements where possible.  So, actually the metaphor doesn't work that well...I just lie the sound of it!</p>
### The first step - document
<p>So how do we make this wonderful sales process that we have built into a gigantic sausage machine?  Where sausages are sales in this context! The first step is to document in detail what you do within each phase of the process.  Detail is important because it makes you consider whether each element is necessary or can be improved.  We didn't really talk too much in the lead generation phase about the relevance and importance of testing each aspect - for example whether one particular wording for and advert is better than another.  Documenting areas that you think would need to be reviewed frequently to ensure optimum effectiveness is a great way to be sure that they get done. It is really important to realise that you will be able to issue this documentation to anybody.  If they can read they will be able to follow the process.  You will know that your sales process will deliver a known set of results because it is repeatable.  If you involve several people in the same process and get differing results, it allows you to be objective in understanding the reasons for the differences and making amendments as appropriate.</p>
### Automation
<p>It may seem like a laborious task to document your sales process, but consider that possibly it is something that you may well have already mostly completed whilst on this journey. Perhaps I should have told you in advance! We have seen above that the documentation process itself will deliver some interesting outcomes but in addition it will also provide the opportunity to identify areas of the process that can be automated.  Obvious candidates for this are automatic communications such as emails, which can be accomplished through a variety of mail platforms.  However, you will find other areas like meeting preparations and workflow can also be automated. The benefits are enormous.  Automation of repetitive tasks will at least ensure that those tasks are completed. It will free up time for the individual to undertake more complex - and probably more interesting items in the process.  This in turn increases the predictability of the results coming out at the end. You can measure and compare so it is easier to see where there may be problems in the process.</p>  
### Summary
I hope that this mini series has been of use to you and that you enjoyed reading.  Building your sales process in the manner we have described will deliver increased sales it is inevitable!  This is the route to Growth!  We are available to work with any SME organisation regardless of industry or location You can <a href="https://www.superneconsulting.co.uk" > visit our website to get in touch </a> 



{: .t60 }
<hr>
  <!-- Display list of blog posts - marketing components -->
<div class="medium-10 columns">
    <p><strong>{{ site.data.language.more_articles }}</strong></p>
    {% include list-posts entries='8' offset='0' %}
</div><!-- /.medium-10.columns -->
