---
layout: page
title: "Increasing Sales 3/5 - Converting"
subheadline: "The question asked by all SME owners"
meta_teaser: "Converting Sales..."
teaser: "<strong>Good Sales Leads Deliver Improved Conversion rates</strong>"
header:
    image: "gallery-example-4.jpg"
    background-color: ""
    caption:
    caption_url:
sidebar: left
comments: false
breadcrumb: false
show_meta: false
meta_title:             # SEO: Overwrites title in <head> if needed
meta_description:      
image:
    thumb:  gallery-example-1-thumb.jpg
    homepage: homepage_typography.jpg
    caption:
    caption_url: ""
categories:
    - Marketing Elements
callforaction:
          url: 'https://www.superne-coaching.com/roadmap-james-austin'
          text: Arrange a ROADMAP Meeting Here!
          style: alert    
callforaction2:
          url: 'https://www.superne-coaching.com/roadmap-james-austin'
          text: Arrange a ROADMAP Meeting Here!
          style: alert
---

<p>Up to this point, if you have been walking the walk, then you will appreciate that a great deal of time, effort and money has been expended to produce our sales leads.  As stated previously, the layman view of sales is the actual interaction between prospect and sales person, where all of the fancy techniques and secret tradecraft.  Don't misunderstand, I am all for such techniques if they help to close the sale in an honest and ethical manner.  I am against any and all trickery that fools or bamboozles people into buying things that they neither want nor need!  However, this is the point within our sales process where the skill and tradecraft of the professional sales person starts to shine!.</p>
### What is a Conversion?
The Conversion is simply the process of taking someone who is interested in your product or service to being a customer.  This is only part 3 out of 5, so you will have guessed (for those who don't know) that there is still much to do once the order is placed. You will be well advised to stretch the sales process a lot further to be sure you can maximise your own business potential.  
### How do we convert leads?
Obviously, this part can vary.  For those businesses selling solely on-line, generating a sales lead and converting it to a sale is done entirely through their website.  The website needs to do a lot, but it doesn't mean that the key elements of can be ignored or remain unused.  In fact, it is more important to cover all the bases in this scenario.  There are many aspects about sales conversion that you can learn about through our <a href= "https://www.superneconsulting.co.uk"> Sales Accelerator Mentoring Programme </a>. Here we will just cover some basics.
### Make it Easy
<p>In my opinion, the most important thing to remember in the lead conversion phase is to make it as easy as possible for the lead to place an order. I have seen defeat being snatched from the jaws of victory on numerous occasions and it is a painful sight! On-line stores are particularly prone to this error.  Shopping carts that are illogical; lots of data entry like separate home and delivery addresses; and confusing confirmation notices.  The list is endless. However, if you have experienced this yourself from a customer perspective, then you can understand the frustrations.  Try to imagine where these points of frustration are within your own process.  If you are not sure then ask your customers for feedback or get a friend to go through it for you.</p>
If you are not selling from the website directly, then you will be involved with some form of human interaction with the prospect to close the sale.  There is a greater degree of latitude and you will be able to react much more fluidly and appropriately than any website.  Bring on the Sales Techniques!!
<p> There are many things to consider during this interaction, but in brief, take care to ensure all of the points of contact with this lead are professional and courteous and take them closer to placing an order. If you want to know more or need one-on-one help to adapt your own process, you can get exactly that through our <a href= "https://www.superneconsulting.co.uk"> Sales Accelerator Mentoring Programme </a>.
As you can see – we are quite a way into the sales process before those sales techniques come into play! However, let me close by saying that whatever techniques you do utilise, make sure you <strong>ask for the order!</strong>
<p>Make sure you read the next part(4) of this series - Maximising Customer Value



  <!-- Display list of blog posts - marketing components -->
<div class="medium-10 columns">
    <p><strong>{{ site.data.language.more_articles }}</strong></p>
    {% include list-posts entries='8' offset='0' %}
</div><!-- /.medium-10.columns -->
