---
layout: page
title: "Increasing Sales 4/5 - Maximising Value"
subheadline: "The question asked by all SME owners"
meta_teaser: "Keeping the Customer..."
teaser: "How to get the most from each customer <strong>without fleecing them!!</strong>"
header:
    image: "hheader_homepage_13.jpg"
    background-color: ""
    caption:
    caption_url:
sidebar: left
comments: false
breadcrumb: false
show_meta: false
meta_title:             # SEO: Overwrites title in <head> if needed
meta_description:      
image:
    thumb:  gallery-example-1-thumb.jpg
    homepage: homepage_typography.jpg
    caption:
    caption_url: ""
categories:
    - Marketing Elements
callforaction:
          url: 'https://www.superne-coaching.com/roadmap-james-austin'
          text: Arrange a ROADMAP Meeting Here!
          style: alert
callforaction2:
          url: 'https://www.superne-coaching.com/roadmap-james-austin'
          text: Arrange a ROADMAP Meeting Here!
          style: alert
---
### Time to celebrate...or is it?
Yahoo!! We have generated a sales lead and converted it to a paying customer - let's celebrate!!

<p>Yes you should congratulate yourself, or your team for winning this latest customer.  It is very gratifying to have taken the journey through this sales process and to have achieved the desired result - more sales!</p>

<p>Try not to let your celebrations continue for too long however!  This is really just the start of your relationship with this new customer, more accurately - <i>these</i> new customer<i>s</i>. It is imperative that this relationship gets off to a good start, so make sure that deliver the product or service in a timely and efficient manner and keep the customer informed along the way.  As your business grows, this function will perhaps morph into a customer care or after sales operation.  There is nothing wrong with that, but I would strongly recommend that the ethos of this sales process be embedded into that operation.</p>
> <span class="teaser">"There are two principal issues facing any business: there is SALES and there is everything else!!"</span><cite>[A wiser man than I]</cite>


### What is Customer Value?
If you have been doing this properly, you will realise the amount of time and effort expended to deliver these new customers into your business.  Generating a customer has a distinct and definable cost. It is measurable and so you could say that the customer also has a value.  In simple terms, the sale to that customer less the cost of acquiring the customer is the value to your business.  This is a useful metric because you can immediately determine the most and least profitable customers.  Is there a case for focussing on the most profitable over the least profitable? Perhaps, but before you do...
<p>As just stated, generating a customer has a distinct and definable cost...So, it makes sense that you should look after them doesn't it? No matter what the perceived value.  It also makes sense that - as you have a relationship with them - it should be easier to sell to them again.  Certainly less <strong>expensive</strong> to sell to them again.  If we now - quite rightly- add the dimension of time to our equation, we may find that the customers that we flagged as least profitable initially are customers we can sell to repeatedly - and in each instance at a lower cost of sale - making them much more profitable in the longer term.  We now have the concept of Lifetime Value for a customer.  The trouble is that we don't necessarily know which of our new customer will be repeat buyers.  Depending on the product or service you sell, it may be possible to have a good guess, but on the whole, it is best to consider that they will all buy again, so treat them accordingly!</p>

### What can I do to Maximise the value from each customer?
There are plenty of strategies that you can deploy to keep customers satisfied and to extract further value from them even if they are not likely to be a repeat purchasing customer.  If you would like to know more, then why not get in touch with us to see how we can help?

<p>Look out for the last part of this series - Systemisation and Automation

<hr>
  <!-- Display list of blog posts - marketing components -->
<div class="medium-10 columns">
    <p><strong>{{ site.data.language.more_articles }}</strong></p>
    {% include list-posts entries='8' offset='0' %}
</div><!-- /.medium-10.columns -->
