---
layout: page
title: "Increasing Sales 2/5 - Lead Generation"
subheadline: "The question asked by all SME owners"
meta_teaser: "The first section to tackle is Lead Generation, Let's go..."
teaser: "<strong>Lead generation is the lifeblood</strong> of any company.  <u>No leads = No Sales!</u>"
header:
    image: "header_unsplash_12.jpg"
    background-color: "#262930"
    caption:
    caption_url:
sidebar: right
comments: false
breadcrumb: false
show_meta: false
meta_title:             # SEO: Overwrites title in <head> if needed
meta_description:      
image:
    thumb:  gallery-example-1-thumb.jpg
    homepage: homepage_typography.jpg
    caption:
    caption_url: ""
categories:
    - Marketing Elements
callforaction:
          url: 'https://www.superne-coaching.com/roadmap-james-austin'
          text: Arrange a ROADMAP Meeting Here!
          style: alert
callforaction2:
          url: 'https://www.superne-coaching.com/roadmap-james-austin'
          text: Arrange a ROADMAP Meeting Here!
          style: alert
---

That is quite a stark statement - but it is true!  If you don't get leads into the business, you won't produce any sales. Simple.<br>

So it is clear that you need a mechanism that will generate these sales leads.  Just to get the terminology straight - in my view all of those people or organisations that comprise your target market are prospective customers or ‘prospects’.  <i>A sales lead is simply one of those prospects that has indicated an interest in your product or service.</i>  Then, obviously, a customer or client is a sales lead that has placed an order.  Why do I make this distinction? Well, if you are not so familiar with sales and marketing then you may be thinking that sales is a string of clever probing remarks or questions and closing techniques.  I hope that after reading this mini series, you will understand that is a small part of the process and a great deal of work needs to take place before getting to that stage.

OK, what do I mean by mechanism? I mean a set of steps that can be followed to generate these sales leads in a repeatable manner.  There are two aspects to this activity – Your perspective and the Prospect’s perspective.<br>  
### Your perspective.  
Ask yourself – Who are you trying to sell to?  Are they businesses or consumers; are they a particular type of person; are they interested in a specific topic etc.  The more you can define your ideal customer the better – in fact it is of critical importance. You need to characterise your ideal customer to a clear and concise group - Your <strong>TARGET MARKET.</strong>  For example: “Bald men between the age of 45 and 60” may be a good target if you are selling hair rejuvenation solutions.<br>
To some people it may seem counter intuitive: anyone can use my product so why not target everyone? In reality, those trying to do so tend to dilute their messages and end up with fewer results than expected.  If you are in this category, then you need to segment what you are doing. Just pick one or possibly two benefits and build your message so it addresses prospects looking for those specific benefits.  You can call that a campaign.  Then build other campaigns oriented around other benefits that will appeal to different prospects and so on.
### The Customer's view
The second aspect is from the customer's point of view.  What are they looking for?  Imagine their thought process: firstly, do they even know that they have a problem?  For example: Maybe they get complaints from people – “I contacted you twice and no-one has got back to me”.  Looks like they’re losing contact messages perhaps they are they are written on post-it notes. This is a problem which needs to be addressed.  Next the prospect will think of solutions to this problem.  The solution maybe to tighten up the procedures and email instead of using post-it notes.  That would be a cheap solution! Obviously, in this example there could be many alternatives including some which would also generate additional benefits.  For example, one solution could be to use a CRM system to properly record contact messages but also allocate the task to an individual and retain lots of other relevant information concerning customers and sales deals.  If you are in the business of supplying CRM systems, then this is clearly a prospect for you!
### Prospect is in the market
<p>So, now the prospect has established that there is a problem; has uncovered some solutions and filtered these to maybe a couple of options; then they are ready to look at the suppliers of these solutions. They are "in the market" as the saying goes! This is the time you want to start engaging with this prospect. But, how do you find them?....or how do they find you?<br>Still thinking like the customer you need to find the places they will look to find their solution.  These are the areas where you should focus some of your marketing efforts. You need to be promoting your product or service in the places where the prospects will be looking.  I know that sounds like a trivial and obvious point, but it is often overlooked. In this on-line world, Google is the obvious place to start.  Using Adwords may be an option for you, but if you are in a competitive arena, that may become quite expensive so you also need to examine other areas and broaden out your approach.
We have many strategies to share as part of our <a href= "https://www.superneconsulting.co.uk"> Sales Accelerator Mentoring Programme </a> our initial <a href= "https://www.superneconsulting.co.uk/roadmap"> FREE Roadmap Exercise </a >will show you what to do and when to do it.</p><br>
### Creating the Sales Lead
Now you know where to look for prospects – you need to know how to engage with them. Again, think from their perspective.  They have identified the problem and formulated the questions that they need to answer. So, if you can produce marketing material that addresses particular scenarios; outlines all possible solutions with their relative pros and cons; then recommends - for a particular type of organisation (ie your target market) that a particular solution would be best – in our example a CRM system …then you have created a warm prospect - almost, but not quite a sales lead!<br>  
By the way, you would obviously look to generate numerous marketing pieces that similarly highlight different benefits of using your products.  At this point, the prospect has now perhaps decided upon a favoured solution to the initial problem - in our example: they have decided that a CRM solution is what they need.  Now they are in the phase of educating themselves about this technology and learning more about the companies involved.  At this point, if you have engaged in producing useful marketing pieces (an example may be: "Ten things to consider when purchasing a CRM system"); then the prospect may already be at least aware of you.  But they will check out your competitors too, so you need to be ready for that.<br>  
To get this prospect to engage with you and actually (or metaphorically) state that they are interested in your product or service - in other words become a sales lead - your website will need to perform well at this point.  Providing information about the product or service is a given – but more importantly, the website needs to cry out key reasons to buy from you instead of anyone else.  These are important aspects of you success that you will learn through our <a href= "https://www.superneconsulting.co.uk"> Sales Accelerator Mentoring Programme </a>.<br>
At this point, the prospect has decided that your product or service has ticked enough boxes on their wish list and they have made an enquiry, written to you or phoned up to find out more - <strong>you have a SALES LEAD!!</strong>
<br> Look out for Part 3 - Sales Lead Conversion




{: .t60 }
<hr>
  <!-- Display list of blog posts - marketing components -->
<div class="medium-10 columns">
    <p><strong>{{ site.data.language.more_articles }}</strong></p>
    {% include list-posts entries='8' offset='0' %}
</div><!-- /.medium-10.columns -->
